Dear Joel,

I know you're giving me a gift, so I am giving you a gift, something special you've never thinked of.

It's only been a while since you entered my life and you've made a huge difference.
I thank you for all the times you've helped me get back on my feet, whenever I am feeling low.
You sacrificed your time to eat with me and talked to me about Christ.

I remember on my birthday, you've treated me to a movie, and food at a restaurant.
All that mcdonald's, and outings, were the memories that i fond of.

I don't really know what to write here since I've never really written a letter like this.
I'm going to list out all the things I am grateful here that you've did in my life.

First of all, thank you for being an awesome tribe leader.
I know that it is your first time and it really takes a lot of spirit to lift up the tribe.

Secondly, you've basically "tanked" your wallet.
So much times I've had not enough money and you've decided to pay it for me.
I can't really count how much I've "lent" from you, it is probably alot.
I will find a time to repay you for the times you've paid for my food.

Third, thank you for bringing me out, and eating great food.
The restaurant you've brought me to on my birthday, Paradise Dynasty, had great food, and most of all, we had an awesome time.

When I needed your help, you'd help me with encouragement, and now I am going to return the favour to you.

Whenever you are feeling low, remember this.
You are God's beautiful creation and you are wonderfully made.
It says here in the bible, Psalms 34:18, "The LORD is close to the brokenhearted; he rescues those whose spirits are crushed."
When troubles arise, remember Philippians 4:13, "For I can do everything through Christ, who gives me strength."
When you are feeling weak, remember, God will turn your weakness into strength, 2 Corinthians 12:10, "That’s why I take pleasure in my weaknesses, and in the insults, hardships, persecutions, and troubles that I suffer for Christ. For when I am weak, then I am strong."
When you are afraid or discouraged, remember, Isaiah 41:10, "Don’t be afraid, for I am with you. Don’t be discouraged, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you. I will hold you up with my victorious right hand."
When you are overwhelmed with guilt, shame, and comdemnation, remeber, 1 John 3:20, "Even if we feel guilty, God is greater than our feelings, and he knows everything.", Romans 8:1, "So now there is no condemnation for those who belong to Christ Jesus."

Love,
Zavier